this Convoy of thousands of cars is
heading to Turkey southern city of Adana
which host Angelic Air Base one of the
largest NATO bases in the Middle
East the protest is a show of solidarity
with
Palestinians I'm attending this Convoy
uh to make all of the people all over
the world hear about what Palestinian
people live in Gaza by the brutality of
Israel inic air base is used by the US
Air force during it strikes and
reconnaissance operations in the region
it host more than a th000 American
troops organizers of the protest want
the Turkish government to close the
[Music]
base wherever there's oppression in the
world it is facilitated by the US that
is why to stop what is happening in Gaza
we are going to in sherle air base and
we are calling on all people around the
world to surround the American bases and
stop the oppression
the ihh humanitarian relief Foundation
is the main sponsor of the Convoy it
also organized Gaza Freedom flotilla in
2010 and affort to break Israel's Naval
blockade of the STP six wessels loaded
with humanitarian Aid set sail from
estambul but Israeli forces raided the
ships and killed 10 Turkish and American
activists that led to the severing of
diplomatic relations between turkey and
Israel now the foundation wants to
organize another Aid flotilla and this
time it's asking president Reb T erogan
to deploy Turkish Naval forces as
well Mr President this nation trusts you
now the nation wants you to send a
flotilla carrying humanitarian Aid to
Gaza and Turkish Naval forces to guard
the
floa the US military has increased
security at the base in anticipation of
protest the Convoy is scheduled to
arrive at inic air base on Sunday
afternoon when US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin is due to meet his
Turkish counterpart here in Ankara
organizers say they want to put pressure
on both the Turkish and American
governments to end the war in Gaza RAR
Al jazer
anara make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer